---
layout: post
title: The Importance of Being Social
date: 2025-05-04
pubDate: May 4, 2025
conference: '37th Automorphic Forms Workshop and Arithmetic Geometry at UNT'
confDate: 'May 2025'
---

I recently returned from a 10-day trip to Denton, TX.  The first half of the trip was spent at the [37th Automorphic Forms Workshop](http://automorphicformsworkshop.org/pastworkshops/2025/index.html) and the latter half was spent serving as a project assistant for [Arithmetic Geometry at UNT](https://sites.google.com/view/arithmetic-geometry-at-unt/).  Fair warning, ten days is a long time to spend anywhere... but ten days of math in a row makes for a *long* trip.  Despite battling conference fatigue, I still made a lot of friends and had a wonderful time.  However, I would suggest that anyone with a similar travel schedule be aware of how exhausting it can be and take breaks throughout the trip to maintain mental sharpness.  I did not do such a great job of this myself, and towards the end of the trip I was definitely quite weary.  

In today's blog, I would like to focus on building connections at conferences.  My friend Asimina recently wrote a [blog post](https://maa.org/math-values/how-to-conference/) for the MAA in which she discusses strategies for how to successfully navigate a math conference.  I highly recommend reading it in its entirety, but one point I would like to emphasize is her discussion on how to network, and just how important it is to be social at these events.  For me, professional socialization takes a lot of energy, so thankfully, most of the networking took place in the first half of the trip, when I was still fresh.  

I met 







I will leave you with an image of a beautiful Texas sunset.  
